feat: add the collateral ratio of the Liquity protocol in troves.py (#8027)
rotki/rotki: docs/api.rst

      {
          "result": {

>             "balances": {

Author: No,sorry. I was only planning to do the backend

               "0x063c26fF1592688B73d8e2A18BA4C23654e2792E": {
                  "collateral": {
                     "asset": "ETH"
                     "amount": "5.3100000000000005",
                     "usd_value": "16161.675300000001521815"
                  },
                  "debt": {
                     "asset": "eip155:1/erc20:0x5f98805A4E8be255a32880FDeC7F6728C6568bA0"
                     "amount": "6029.001719188487",
                     "usd_value": "6089.29173638037187"
                  },
                  "collateralization_ratio": "268.0655281381374051287323733",
                  "liquidation_price": "1261.435199626818912670885158",
                  "active": true,
                  "trove_id": 148
               }
            "total_collateral_ratio": "279754357977226400"
          },
          "message": ""
      }

   :resjson object result: A mapping of all accounts that currently have Liquity positions to ``trove`` information.
   :resjson object balances:  A mapping of all accounts that currently have Liquity positions to ``trove`` information.

>    :resjson integer total_collateral_ratio: Optional. Information about the Total Collateral Ratio in the protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :resjson integer total_collateral_ratio: Information about the Total Collateral Ratio in the protocol. Can be null in case of an error.
```
